---
title: Blog 6
layout: post
author: sam.lee
permalink: /blog-6/
source-id: 1W5giEah9M9G_z5aZmZLJhpQyTaqxzEwbpQLiYHt7Vzg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title:</td>
    <td>Blog 6</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>14/10/16</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Up to date with the spreadsheet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Adding to our Spreadsheets</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I think I achieved what I wanted to in the lesson.
I got a lot of work done.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I looked on the internet for examples of real life shops. This helped me out a lot as it gave me a further understanding of the 'real' situations with tax, employees, utility costs etc. We also took examples from the teacher's personal spreadsheet for help us with our own.   </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited me the most was finishing early and rushing to get ahead. I think I need to slow down to properly understand what we were learning and correcting the smaller details. I also need to make sure I’m doing the best work I can instead of trying to finish first, this will help me expand it further with more ideas instead of doing the minimum.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will work more carefully instead of rushing, I will take more time in my work so that I don’t make silly mistakes. I will also ask for help more, from the teacher and my peers, so I’m not just sitting there doing nothing, wondering what to do.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


